# Customer Segments

The customer segment that LevelUp is initially targeting is that of a North American resident who has a household income between $35,000 and $49,999 annually and is interested in learning more about the IT field. This segment, identified by household income in the United States regardless of race, alone, comprises 12.0% of households (Table A-2, 2019). If pricing models are developed for this segment, the barrier to entry will be low enough that the next highest income range, $50,000 to $74,999, will not be excluded. This is important as $50,000 to $74,999 comprises 17.2% of households in the United States (Table A-2, 2019). This allows for a pricing model that is appropriate for 29.2% of households while still maintaining both perceived and real value by not underpricing the product.

LevelUp’s goal is to closely follow the needs and wants to our customers. Most of the expected customers will be transitioning into an IT related career from another career or having the service being the starting point for their first career. The target consumer will want to have easy access to content at any time or place. 

Looking at our target consumer, we want to offer multiple affordable educational packages. The average person in this target demographic works a full-time job and doesn’t have time to attend in person classes. Many people in general are starting to take more online courses to gain knowledge or get degrees. LevelUp wants to arm people with the knowledge they need to be able to get a job in the IT field. LevelUp will allow people to pay a membership fee to gain full access to all content for a limited period. They will also be able to pick and choose individual courses and pay for just that course, which will allow them to take as much time as they need. They will pay for access to the courses they want until they complete all the content for that course. Once completed, they will have enough knowledge to be proficient in whatever course they took. At LevelUp we value time and our consumers. Time is money and that means that time is very valuable. We want to make the time and money spent on our products to be worth it. We strive to make all customers happy, whether it is someone wanting to learn things for personal interest or someone trying to progress in a career. LevelUp wants people interested in IT to save money, learn more and go out and make more money at a new job in the IT field.

Works Cited

Table A-2. Households by Total Money Income, Race, and Hispanic Origin of Householder: 1967 to 2018. Income and Poverty in the United States: 2018, United States Census Bureau, September 2019, https://www.census.gov/data/tables/2019/demo/income-poverty/p60-266.html.
