# Key Activities

### Production

LevelUp online courses work for students worldwide. Our company provides a digital platform that could make your lives easier and less stressful. LevelUp creates a platform on which students could rely upon. When you tell us, “take my course online”, what you get is a reasonably priced service that delivers exceptional quality work. LevelUp delivers the work on time, so that you never miss out on your deadline. LevelUp software provides video, audio conferencing, online whiteboard, learning materials, and live chat. All you need is a stable internet connection, and LevelUp software handles everything else. LevelUp product facilitates enhance collaboration, improve learning processes, have better accessibility, scalability, affordability, and effectiveness. Collaboration requires a lot of time and effort, not to mention a lot of money. With software you can now easily collaborate wherever you are located. One of the main features of LevelUp software is video conferencing, which enables uninterrupted communication and interaction between instructors and learners. All the tools, equipment, and materials are digital and can be accessed wherever and whenever they’re needed. Students don’t have to invest in textbooks or expensive school supplies. All learners can learn at their own pace, go through the different lectures as many times as they need to, and gain instant feedback on their progress. LevelUp technology will revolutionize education and make it accessible to all learners around the world.

### Problem-solving

LevelUp online courses will solve problems such self-motivation, technical issues, course discovery, lack of human contact or the absence of a teacher, limit of practice, quality of the courses, computer literacy, and struggle adaptability. To prevent students from getting bored, Level Up offers all types of interactive training, with challenges and adventures, videos, storytelling, gamified solutions, and to ensure practice and game-based learning. Our company creates online courses that do not require much internal memory or a high-speed Internet connection, and with a solid and simple script. Our Web site will have a chat service, email address or forum for sorting out technical glitches, you can be certain that technology won’t be a problem and won’t get in the way of the learning process. The LevelUp website will contain information about history, staff members, and explain why the training is important for students and how it will help them to be better professionals. The e-learning format offers students great flexibility; they can take the courses when and where they like, at their own pace and with no physical limitations. However, so much flexibility often results in inaction. Time passes and the student still hasn’t accessed the training platform or completed the course. LevelUp will send reminders to students telling them that they are running out of time and encouraging them to complete the course. Our company will organize webinars, group work or forums where students can discuss and resolve their queries. It is essential that students have a teacher they can contact for tutoring via virtual meetings. Level Up also promotes the use of social media during the training, thus providing an additional opportunity for social interaction and humanizing. Level Up incorporates simulators into training courses, so that students will be able to put their new knowledge and skills to practical use.

### Platform/Network

LevelUp online course platforms are of the types that provide users with access to digital classes. The company will sell online courses from our website. These virtual courses are similar to offline classes in a lot of ways. An instructor provides an engaging educational experience through video, image, text, audio, and PDF files. Students follow along with the LMS software, take notes, perform exercises, and complete exams to test their knowledge. Level Up will develop and maintain a platform for customers. LevelUp provides a customer Satisfaction survey, net promoter, and upgrades course contents with new technology. 


